Game: https://retroachievements.org/game/32795

I'm no stranger to collab hacks. SMWCentral hosts tons of contests, and I've even been a judge for a few. There are some great Super Mario World creators out there doing some really fascinating stuff with Super Mario World. Some contests focus on creative levels, some focus on difficulty, but a common contest is the vanilla level design contest. Vanilla, in this context, refers to the tools available to the level designer, not difficulty; these are levels built from the same parts that the original game was made with.

What makes this hack special is that it wasn't made by the usual suspects. A lot of collab hacks and contests these days feature a lot of familiar names. That's great, because the SMW community is filled with uniquely talented creators. But this hack was filled with fresh faces and fresh ideas, and that is so rare. The levels vary, admittedly. Some of them are rather simple or short, some of them are inspired in a way that make you think they were made by veteran creators. But they're all worth playing, and the RA set that SubliminalSiren put together really encourages you to explore every level to its fullest.

Let me use this space to make my plea: I hope that SubliminalSiren will organize something like this again, and I hope that you, dear reader, will submit a level. There is no judgement here, and a project like this is a great way to get started learning about level design. Even if you've never used Lunar Magic before, the tools are pretty easy to use and it doesn't take too much effort to make a single polished level. Worst case scenario, you don't enjoy the process, nothing lost but a bit of your time. Best case scenario, you discover a love of SMW level design, and you've found a fun new hobby.