Set: https://retroachievements.org/game/34726

Pole's Big Adventure is a parody platformer poking fun at the franchises that defined the genre. Throughout the game, strange jokes and gags occur, such as collecting a mushroom which gives Pole an erection, or entering the Konami code to go Super Saiyan, or getting a look at Pole's travel photos after a trip abroad. All the time that this is happening, a narrator, something like the format of a livestreamer commentating their own gameplay, talks about all of the weird things that are happening in-game.

Unfortunately, all of this narration is in Japanese, and so it is mostly inaccessible to a non-Japanese speaking audience. For many players, this issue was hardly an issue at all. You see, most of the jokes are visual gags, and even if you don't speak the language, you understand what makes it funny. You just have to endure a commentary track over top of it. Thanks to a bit of technical wizardry by Layton, however, the first-of-its-kind translation is finally available for the game. It isn't a complete translation. The cutscene text is still untranslated (though the game's story isn't why you're playing, and it leaves a lot to be desired). But the over-the-top narration that complements the visual gags now has now been translated, and the experience is all the better for it.

It's a pretty short mastery, but this is a notorious game that is now at least partially accessible to non-Japanese speaking audiences. This game often carries a reputation for being kusoge, though it isn't really bad in any way that earns it that reputation. It plays well and it is a really charming experience. Truthfully, Pole's Big Adventure is classic bakage. Layton went above and beyond to really polish this experience, and now players everywhere, even beyond the borders of RetroAchievements, will be able to experience this unique game slightly closer to the way it was intended.