Set: https://retroachievements.org/game/7465

Let me start by saying that the set for this game is perfectly servicable. It really mines the game for all of its content, and the content is cool and worth exploring. I am leading with that because -- and my apologies to Spory and zeldamaniak -- I am not here on behalf of BS Zelda Ancient Stone Tablets because of the set.

This game is incredible. If you take the time to patch the MSU-1 version in correctly, what you will experience is an incredible time capsule of bygone technology. So let's go over it from the top down: the Satellaview was a satellite modem peripheral for the Super Famicom that would allow you to download games onto a rewritable flash cartridge in the mid-to-late 90s. At its peak, more than 100,000 players were using the system to enjoy unique games. Some of them were simple twists on games you already know, like [additional maps for F-Zero](https://retroachievements.org/game/252?set=9478), or [Super Mario All-Stars challenges](https://retroachievements.org/game/23003). Some of them were bespoke games, only available through the Satellaview broadcasts.

BS Legend of Zelda: Ancient Stone Tablets was, to borrow our modern terminology, a "romhack" of A Link to the Past. Same engine you already know and love, with new maps (though mostly an unchanged overworld) and a few QOL tweaks. But that isn't why you should play this. The thing that makes this really special is that the game was originally accompanied by a live broadcast, in real time, where events in the game were narrated by voice actors and an orchestral soundtrack. Most evidence of these broadcasts only exist now as VHS recordings, but, thankfully, fans have recreated these broadcasts as an english dub that you can experience through the power of MSU-1. Getting the MSU-1 version setup with the correct files needed to get the accompanying voiceover isn't trivial, but the experience is unrivaled.

For the set, a few things you might want to know: each "episode" came out on a specific week, and the broadcast lasted for about 50 minutes. For that reason, you are on a time constraint. The week's episode ends when the clock hits the 55 minute mark. But fortunately, you can replay a week without losing any progress as many times as you want, so there is pretty much no way to miss any of the achievements. A few of them are challenging to get, but you can usually just repeat a given week as many times as you need to succeed. So don't stress about not keeping up with the broadcast. You don't have to be a speedrunner (but it does help).

Play this game. I know this is a "Play This Set", but honestly, just play the game. The set is good. But I'm not trying to sell you on the set. You just need to experience this game.